Update sdks-overview.md (#9497)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: concepts/sdks/sdks-overview.md

In some cases, it's beneficial to use a Kiota-generated client instead of a Microsoft Graph SDK. For example, a developer that only uses a small subset of the Microsoft Graph APIs and wants to minimize the overall install size of their app can use Kiota to generate a smaller client library. For details, see [Generate Microsoft Graph client libraries with Kiota](generate-with-kiota.md).

> ## SDK Supportability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SDKs supportability
```

> Graph SDK are open-source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with the SDK, submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page. The SDK project authors and contributors should look into the issue and release a fix for it accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Graph SDKs are open-source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with the SDK, submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page. The SDK project authors and contributors should look into the issue and release a fix for it accordingly.
```

> Graph SDK are open source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with SDK then please submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page. The SDK project authors and continurbotr shall look into the issue and release a fix for it accordingly.

Reviewer: I belive is "Microsoft Graph SDKs".

> Graph SDK are open source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with SDK then please submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page. The SDK project authors and continurbotr shall look into the issue and release a fix for it accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graph SDK are open-source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with the SDK, submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page. The SDK project authors and contributors shall will look into the issue and release a fix for it accordingly.
```

> Microsoft Graph SDKs are open-source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with the SDK, submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page. The SDK project authors and contributors should look into the issue and release a fix for it accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Graph SDKs are open-source GitHub projects so if you have an issue with the SDK, submit it with all the needed information on the "issues" page.  SDK authors and contributors should look into the issue and release a fix accordingly.
```

> Microsoft CSS does not support the SDK officially but Microsoft supports only the HTTP request of the Graph API call you are making.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft CSS doesn't officially, support SDKs but Microsoft supports the HTTP request of the Microsoft Graph API call you are making.
```

Reviewer: Please use Microsoft customer service and support, unless, the official name is used somewhere else in the document.
